Part 1 - bookshop (present day)
-------------------------------
Go to the kitchen
Open the cupboard
Take the cup. A key is revealed.
Take the key
Go to the history section
Unlock the office door with the key
Open the door
Go to the office

Open the safe (combination 1979, as per the plaque in the outer room, although there should be many red herrings in the office)
In the safe you find a book about the house in what is presumably latin.
Take the book
Go to the travel and language section
Examine the language bookshelf - a latin dictionary is revealed (since you hold the old book)
Get the latin dictionary
Now examine the book about the house - this reveals the secret - a secret door in the eastern wall of what is now the history section.

Go to the history section
Remove the books from the shelf on the eastern side of the room. This reveals an old brick wall.

Go to the office
In the desk are a number of things, get the paper clip.
There is a large cupboard filled with a lot of stuff. Get the small metal box - you remember it from your childhood... stamps? your stone collection?
Examine the metal box. This reveals its lock.
Pick the lock with the paper clip and open the box.
It contains your old stone collection. Examine the stones. This reveals a small axe (term?).
Get the small axe. 

Go to the history section
As you are about to strike the wall, the bell at the front door rings and you move to the fiction section. 
It is your rich uncle (you need his money, so you don't want to strike the wall while he is here)
Go to the kitchen
Make some tea
Give the tea to your uncle.
Your uncle drinks the tea, then excuses himself and disappears into the bathroom, locking the door behind him.

Go to the history section
Strike the wall with the small axe. An opening is revealed.
Enter. You walk down stairs into a dark room.

TODO: How to get a light?

You walk down the stairs again, into a small room with stone walls. To the east and south are entrances. Hovering in the air in front of the entrance to the east is a ghost. She prevents you from entering that entrance.
You go south. You are in another stone room. A well-dressed (19th centrury?) ghost hovers here. He is handsome and wants to dance with you.
You dance, but he is not satisfied with your performance. 
You move north and up the stairs.
In the history section, you find a book about 19th century dances. You read it.

You walk down and dance again. The room is too small for his taste.
You move out into the first room. 
Stay for one move. He arrives. When the first ghost sees the dancer, she disappears. The dancer laughs, "she is afraid of ghosts - how ironic". You dance for a while and then he floats back into his room.

You move east.

TODO Who greets you here? Is it a mirror that takes you back in time?

Part 2 - a country inn (early 17th century)
-------------------------------------------
You appear in room with a mirror. Everything looks old...
You leave the room, walk down a corridor and down a staircase.
You move to the bar where you start talking to people.

This is the early 17th century.
It is raining outside, which is why you can't leave.
One of the men at the bar is Ben Jonson, famous stagewright (who drops the occasional reference to "the Bard").
Ben Jonson has lost the manuscript for the play they are setting up for tonight. It is a disaster.

You move into the kitchen. 
You take a carrot out of a wooden bucket (trying to take the whole bucket results in "You may be fond of carrots, but stealing a whole bucket and carrying it around in the pub is probably not a good idea"). (Note: you can take one carrot at a time, as many as needed).
You move outside into the stables.
There are three horses. 
Two of the horses will happily eat the carrot (you may go back and pick up more).
The third one - belonging to Ben Jonson - is very shy and won't eat from your hand.
Drop the carrot and the horse will move over and eat it.
Examine hay - reveals the manuscript. (Examining the hay prior to this is possible but will not give any clue).

You go back to the bar and hand the manuscript to Ben Jonson.

Two very "manly" stage workers are setting up the stage. All of a sudden, they scream and head over to the bar for a beer. Rats - they refuse to continue. The rats are out of reach under the stage, you have to get the cat.



...

Possible: the ghost who sent you back shall be (alive) in one of the rooms, but obviously not recognize you.
Possible: save Ben Jonson's life?
